# CS305-Software-Security

The client, Artemis Fincancial, is a financial consulting company that helps its customers create financial plans. They had a public web interface that they needed to ensure the security of, for the sake of their customers.
In my refactoring of the code, I added a cryptographic hash function, redirected all connections to HTTPS, and updated all dependencies. In doing so, I managed to remove many known vulnerabilities. Practices such as these help keep the customer's and application's information secure, which not only good in of itself, but helps the public maintain trust in Artemis Financial. Witout this sort of public trust, companies like Artemis Financial that handle information (especially financial information) would not have have many customers at all, so its integral to maintain.
I found checking the API to be the most difficult part of the vulnerability assessment. I'm still not entirely sure what I'm looking for in that regard, if I'm honest.
Maven's dependency check tool was absolutely necessary for determining where vulnerabilities might be based on third-party tools. Additionally, looking through the code line by line to check for elements such as input validation and error handling was useful. The vulnerability flowchart was another integral tool for this, which I plan to keep a hold of for future projects.
As I coded, I doubled checked that everything functioned and that no new vulnerabilities were introduced by running the program and checking the dependency check report.
If I were to show an element of this assignment to a future employer, it would probably be the hash function I wrote, since that was a legitimately difficult bit of programming I managed to add to the code. I may also show the class I made that automatically reroutes any http request to https, as that was not necessarily a required element of the project.
